Addition of new auth-method fields to consul cli commands section (#2769)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/api-docs/acl/auth-methods.mdx

  should produce. This can be either `"local"` or `"global"`. If empty the
  value of `"local"` is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for the generated
   tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax.

>   Defaults to `${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for
   the generated tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation
   Language. Defaults to `${auth_method_type}-${auth_method_name}`.
```

Author: Updated.

  should produce. This can be either `"local"` or `"global"`. If empty the
  value of `"local"` is assumed. Added in Consul 1.8.0.

- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for the generated

>    tokens This can be lightly templated using HIL `${foo}` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TokenNameFormat` `(string <optional>)` - Defines the token name format for
   the generated tokens. This can be templated using HashiCorp Interpolation
   Language.
```

Does this parameters have a default value as well?

Author: No. Not in update api
